This paper studies the impact of the BS antenna's vertical beam width on LTE networks throughput and coverage characteristics.
Authors selected two commercially available antennas and compared their performance to that of the antenna model proposed by 3GPP.
In the reviewer's opinion, the paper has a limited contribution and affected by some major issues concerning the quality of the presentation. 
The paper appears to be been written quickly, as witnessed by some major typos and flaws in the presentation.

Few suggestions for improving the presentation of this paper: 
- All abbreviations and acronyms must be defined at the first time they are used. The authors should be consistent in using those acronims. 
This is not the case in several circumstances. For example, the acronyms “UE” amd “SLL” are not defined. 
In Section III, the authors started using the acronim "UE" without providing any definition and then switched back to using "User Equipment" in later sections.

- The Abstract of the paper should be revised. This is due to the fact that contributions and investigations are not clear.
For example, the authors stated that one of the antennas chosen for their investigations has the vertical half beam width of 8 degrees. 
As the later sections demonstrate, however, this parameter is equal to 6.5 degrees.


While presented work may have some novelty, it requires careful description and additional investigations included.

In the Abstract, it has been stated that selecting an antenna with narrower vertical beam width can improve the system capacity by upto 50%. 
However, there is no clear evidence supporting that statement in the paper.

Based on the results provided, one may conclude that Antenna 1 is superior to Antenna 2 in terms of the resulting avarage data transfer rates. 
However, investigations in the paper are not sufficient for generalizing the idea "narrower vertical beam width == higher capacity".
In fact, according to Figs. 6-7, the best SNIR and troughput results are achieved by the 3GPP antenna. 
Those figures demonstrate that even with the wider vertical beam with it is possible to achieve similar results.
